Reword and add uniformity to Standard Library documentation (#4464)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/stdlib/constraints.rst

.. eql:constraint:: std::expression on (expr)

    Represents an arbitrary constraint expression.

>     The ``expression`` constraint may be used to represent a custom scalar

Reviewer: I don't think this is accurate. I believe what's happening in the example is that we're _creating_ a custom scalar type rather than _representing_ one.

I like your other changes though. I might also change "may be used" to "may be used as in this example" to drive home the relationship of the sentence to the code sample.

```suggestion
    The ``expression`` constraint may be used as in this example to create a
    custom scalar type:
```

>     type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    .. code-block:: sdl

        scalar type starts_with_a extending str {
            constraint expression on (__subject__[0] = 'A');
        }

>     You may also use this constraint based on a couple of object properties to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You may also use expression constraints across multiple object properties to
```

>     further restrict how a value may be stored:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    further restrict which values may be stored:
```

>     to further restrict which values may be stored:

Reviewer 2: The previous wording is better.

.. eql:constraint:: std::one_of(variadic members: anytype)

    Specifies a list of allowed values.

>     

Reviewer 2: White space -- please install an IDE plugin to clear it.

.. eql:constraint:: std::one_of(variadic members: anytype)

>     Specifies a list of :eql:type:`anytype` as one allowed value of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Specifies a list of allowed values.
    
    Example:
```

This almost reads to me as if I should provide a list of permitted types. I think noting `anytype` in the signature is sufficient here to convey that aspect of the constraint.

Reviewer: Go ahead and apply this guidance globally. I don't think the one-liner is the right place to expose the type restrictions of arguments and the like. I think we can leave that info in the signature.

Author: So we want to remove `anytype` references because the signature should concisely show this to the user?

Author: > ```suggestion
>     Specifies a list of allowed values.
>     
>     Example:
> ```
> 
> This almost reads to me as if I should provide a list of permitted types. I think noting `anytype` in the signature is sufficient here to convey that aspect of the constraint.

I'm not quite following. "Allowed values" is vague if that's the only thing read. I believe there's a higher likelihood of users reading the description over the signature. When read, you might go "what's allowed? Only values from standard library types?"

Reviewer: Yes, this is somewhat vague, but the signature and the detailed description are there to fill in any gaps the one-liner leaves.

I thought about recommending we move that out into a detail paragraph after the one-liner, but I don't think it's necessary for this. If it had a type restriction, it might make sense to call that out in prose, but since it doesn't, I don't see a lot of value in it.

Author: Looking at `anytype`'s original description, it reads this:

> Generic type.
>
> It is a placeholder used in cases where no specific type requirements are needed, such as defining polymorphic parameters in functions and operators.

In our PR, we've changed to this.

> Represents a generic type.
>
> ... specific type requirements are needed, or are not necessary, ...

A suggestion from @vpetrovykh was to reword the amended section to read out as:

> ... where there aren't specific type requirements, such as ...

If we *did* have specific type requirements, this means we reference `str` or other builtin types to my knowledge. Having this referenced seems useful to those who want to know a specific type is not required, aka. meaning it may be universally applied to all known types. We could remove this, but then we'd need to clarify our proposal to be "Specifies a list of any type value."

>     ``members``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. eql:constraint:: std::max_value(max: anytype)

>     Specifies the maximum allowed value of :eql:type:`anytype`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Specifies the maximum allowed value.
    
    Example:
```

Similar to above.

Author: Do we need to have a separate paragraph with "Example?" I personally think it's a little off, the colon in my mind represents us exemplifying the action based off of our description.

.. eql:constraint:: std::max_ex_value(max: anytype)

>     Specifies the maximum allowed value of :eql:type:`anytype` as an open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Specifies a non-inclusive upper bound for the value.
```

>     interval:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: For this and `min_ex_value`, I'd like to, under the code example, further drive home the difference in these and their non-ex variants. Something like this:

```suggestion
    .. note::
    
    In the example above, in contrast to the ``max_value`` constraint, a value of
    the ``maxex_100`` type cannot be ``100`` since the valid range of
    ``max_ex_value`` does not include the value specified in the constraint.

```

.. eql:constraint:: std::min_ex_value(min: anytype)

>     Specifies the minimum allowed value of :eql:type:`anytype` as an open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Specifies a non-inclusive lower bound for the value.
```

>     interval:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    :index: regex regexp regular

>     Specifies the allowed representation of a type by matching a given

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Limits to values with string representations matching a regular expression.
```

This gets us down to one line and better reflects the constraint. A value of a type isn't really a representation of a type but is more like an instance of it.
